Here's one of the html files you will use in this lesson.
The ET rotten tomatoes page.
And if we scroll, we can see its structure as Cameron described.
One thing that blew my mind when I first started learning about
html files is that they are not some sort of magic fancy internet file.
They are just like any regular file and can be saved locally and if you drag this into
a browser the web page will display as if you
accessed it through a regular URL. Here's what that looks like.
In the Sublime Text Editor,
you can drag this mini file symbol to your browser. That's still crazy to me.
All this code in text on the left here generates the web page on the right in a browser.
That's the browser's job.